Haha, that's right, Uncle Zhang.
The entire Lin family
No one is more suitable for this position than me
Let me run the foundation
I promise to satisfy you.
Lin Fan, Lin Fan
I'm afraid you can't even dream of it.
Work hard
In the end, it was because I didn't make a wedding dress
He Lin Chusheng
An investment failure
Garbage that caused serious losses to the group
Also worthy, you call me trash?
It was originally a garbage that the mud could not pick up
Hey, bother.
Born in the company for so many years
His contributions to the company
That's for all to see.
You can't prove anything when an investment is compromised
What's more, that investment
Or because
The capital suddenly adjusted its policy
Did it lead to investment failure?
Girl I won
I'll see who dares
This big brother used the foundation?
I don't like it yet
Then why don't you just be responsible?
But I have one condition.
Say all the investment directions of the foundation in the future
I have to be in charge
In addition, I want to invest in the Zhang Foundation
50%
Dad, this is definitely not possible this time
But now I'm lucky
Hmm, I got the news earlier
Lin Fong couldn't help but get that project
And he also received strong support from Du Fu
It took the opportunity to take the land in Dongshan
skyrocketed a hundredfold
What I saw today really deserves its reputation
Just playing around
No one cares about the land in Dongshan
Only Lin Fan, you dare to make a move
It is unspeakable that policies will be introduced
Before, it was in advance and the Mid-Autumn Festival Chamber of Commerce
The entire industrial chain has been laid out
If there may be that side here
Then you dare to fully acquire the Denning era
Make 10 times as much
How do you explain that?
Once or twice is running
Three times
Can only fail
Outstanding ability
Be humble
This is the magic lamp of my Zhang family
Quick son-in-law
Dad?
Is Dad still satisfied with finding this man for you?
Hey, okay.
Now the misunderstanding between the young couple has been cleared up.
Everyone is happy, haha.
Fan'er, I'll ask the finance department later
Put the money invested in the Zhangjia Foundation
Call in the past, as long as the investment funds are from the pocket
Then half of the Zhang Family Foundation
Nature belongs to you